README.md, before:


  
<!-- PROJECT -->  
<p align="center">  
  <h3 align="center">   
   Capstone Project Investment and trading.  
  </h3>   
</p>  
  
  
  
<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->  
## 🤔 Introduction  
Closing price predictor with Prophet model
More info about Prophet: https://facebook.github.io/prophet/

Why should you predict stock value?

Stock value prediction is to forecast the future price or value of a stock, which is influenced by various factors such as company performance, market conditions, and global economic trends. By accurately predicting the future value of a stock, investors can make informed decisions about whether to buy, sell, or hold a particular stock, potentially resulting in significant financial gains..  
  
<br />   
  
  
<!-- INSTALLATION -->  
  

> If you are on Linux use `python3 pythonfile.py` to run the application
> and to install new libraries use `pip3 install libraryname`

 
  
## 🔨 Installation and Running  
  
1. Clone this repository  
  
2. Install the requirements running  `pip install -r requirements.txt`  
  
3. Set YAHOO_TOKEN as enviroment variable with your Yahoo API token in the value.

4. Run the following command in the `streamlit run main.py` directory to run the action. 

<br />  
  
<!-- File Overview -->  
  
## 📝 Project files overview  
  
- **main.py**  Main file

Commit message:

bugfix - improving the paper and the read me.

README.md, after:


  
<!-- PROJECT -->  
<p align="center">  
  <h3 align="center">   
   Capstone Project Investment and trading.  
  </h3>   
</p>  
  
  
  
<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->  
## 🤔 Introduction  
Closing price predictor with Prophet model
More info about Prophet: https://facebook.github.io/prophet/

Why should you predict stock value?

Stock value prediction is to forecast the future price or value of a stock, which is influenced by various factors such as company performance, market conditions, and global economic trends. By accurately predicting the future value of a stock, investors can make informed decisions about whether to buy, sell, or hold a particular stock, potentially resulting in significant financial gains..  
  
<br />   
  
  
<!-- INSTALLATION -->  
  

> If you are on Linux use `python3 pythonfile.py` to run the application
> and to install new libraries use `pip3 install libraryname`

 
  
## 🔨 Installation and Running  
  
1. Clone this repository  
  
2. Install the requirements running  `pip install -r requirements.txt`  
  
3. Set YAHOO_TOKEN as enviroment variable with your Yahoo API token in the value.

4. Run the following command in the `streamlit run main.py` directory to run the action. 

<br />  
  
<!-- File Overview -->  
  
## 📚 Project files overview
  
- **main.py**  Streamlit web service with all model and functionalities.
- **requirements.txt**  Dependencies from the project
- **stock.ipynb**  My laboratory file to try models and evaluate data.
- **capstone_data_scientist_Stock_Predictor.pdf**  Paper about the project
- **.gitignore**  Define files that should be ignored by GIT.

## 🔓 License, Author and Acknowledgements

This project lives under MIT License. - [Paulo Mota](https://www.linkedin.com/in/paulo-mota-955218a2/)<br>
Data Source: [Yahoo Finance API](https://financeapi.net/)<br>
Model: [Prophet](https://facebook.github.io/prophet/)
<br />
